TINY-11591: 7.7.0 changelog (#10173)
tinymce/tinymce: .changes/tinymce/7.7.0.md

> ## 7.7.0 - 2025-02-17

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 7.7.0 - 2025-02-19
```

Reviewer 2: Ah, yeah this is the problem with doing `batch` before release day.

Author: Maybe we can automate this somehow.

### Added
- `link_attributes_postprocess` option that allows overriding attributes of a link that would be inserted through the link dialog. #TINY-11707

### Improved

> - Improved visual indication of a keyboard focus for a comment annotation when there is an image inside. #TINY-11596

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved visual indication of keyboard focus in annotations that contain an image. #TINY-11596
```

If this is not an accurate update, move the entry to the premium changelog.

> - Not specifying a notification type (or specifying incorrect one) now defaults to 'info'. #TINY-11661

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Not specifying a notification type (or specifying an incorrect one) now defaults to 'info'. #TINY-11661
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `editor.notificationManager.open()` now has a default type of `info`. #TINY-11661
```

Author: I made a different variant. I don't like when the changelog items start with backticks looks weird.

> - Improved visual separation of comments side panel header. #TINY-11715

Reviewer 2: This belongs in the premium changelog, even though it was a core fix. It won't impact open source users.

- [ ] move to the premium changelog

### Changed

> - Changed the `link` plugin behavior to move the cursor behind a link when inserted or edited via the UI. Patch contributed by Philipp91. ##GH-9998

Reviewer 2: I missed that the PR had added a `#` in the changie file!

I also didn't think enough about the word `behind` which doesn't quite match what changed
```suggestion
- Updated the `link` plugin behavior to move the cursor outside of the link when inserted or edited via the UI. Patch contributed by Philipp91. #GH-9998
```

### Fixed
- Keyboard navigation for size inputs in context forms. #TINY-11394
- Keyboard navigation for context form sliders. #TINY-11482
- The `insertContent` API was not replacing selected non-editable elements correctly. #TINY-11714
- Context toolbar inputs had incorrect margins. #TINY-11624

> - Iframe aria text used to suggest to open help dialog even when the help plugin was not enabled. #TINY-11672

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Iframe aria text no longer suggests opening the help dialog when the help plugin is not enabled. #TINY-11672
```

> - Preview Dialog incorrectly opened anchor links in a new tab. #TINY-11740

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Preview dialog no longer opens anchor links in a new tab. #TINY-11740
```

- The `float` property was not properly removed on the image when converting a image into a captioned image. #TINY-11670
- Expanding selection to word didn't work inside inline editing host elements. #TINY-11304

> - The `semantics` element in MathML was not properly retained when `annotation` elements was allowed. #TINY-11755

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `semantics` element in MathML was not properly retained when `annotation` elements were allowed. #TINY-11755
```

- It was possible to tab to a toolbar group that had all children disabled. #TINY-11665
- Keyboard navigation would get stuck on the 'more' toolbar button. #TINY-11762
- Toolbar groups had both a `title` attribute and a custom tooltip, causing overlapping tooltips #TINY-11768

> - Toolbar text field was properly rendering focus. #TINY-11658

Reviewer 2: I assume we fixed something here, not made it worse 😂 
```suggestion
- Toolbar text field did not render focus correctly. #TINY-11658
```
